npm i nodemon express sequelize mysql2 cors jsonwebtoken bcrypt nodemailer razorpay uuid dotenv
Full_ExpenseTrackerApp using : 
HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, DOM, 
Nodejs, ExpressJs, MySQL,
Sequelize, MVC-Model, 
JWT ( Authentication), Payment Getway (Rayzorpay), 
Relationship Association,  Etc.


......................................................................................................
Project Description: 

Frontend: The frontend of the application is built using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and JavaScript (DOM), ensuring a responsive and visually appealing user interface.
The user interface is designed to be fully responsive, adapting to different screen sizes and devices.

Backend:  The backend of the application is powered by Express.js, providing a scalable and efficient server environment.
JSON Web Tokens (JWT) are used for secure user authentication, ensuring that only authorized users can access the application.
Sequelize, an Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) library, is employed to establish associations and relationships within the database, enhancing data integrity and organization.
The application follows the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architectural pattern, separating concerns for maintainability and scalability.
Database connections are managed using MySQL, providing a secure and structured data storage solution.
Razorpay integration enables seamless and secure payment processing.
NodeMailer is utilized for sending emails through an SMTP server, enhancing communication and notification capabilities.
Passwords are securely stored in hashed form using bcrypt and can be decrypted when needed for authentication.
Password reset functionality via email ensures user account security and recovery.
The dotenv library is used to manage environment variables, enhancing security and configuration management.

Future Enhancements:In the future, this application can be extended to include the following features:
User registration and additional authentication methods to enhance security.
User roles and permissions for different levels of access.
Enhanced reporting and visualization of expense data.
Integration with additional payment gateways for user flexibility.
Integration with cloud services for data backup and scalability.
Resume:
[Insert your resume here, highlighting your relevant skills and experience in web development, database management, payment integration, email communication, and security practices. Mention any relevant projects or achievements that showcase your expertise.]

